README.md, before:

# CatapultDB

Yet another fast approximate nearest neighbor (ANN) search library in Rust.
It is based on a proximity graph data structure that enables fast nearest neighbor search at the cost of being approximate.
We improve by quite a long shot over the current SoTA by inserting edges that 'remember' past trajectories in the 
graph data structure. These special history-based edges are nicknamed 'catapults'.

## Requirements

- Rust nightly (uses `#![feature(portable_simd)]`)
- Vectors must be multiples of 8 elements (SIMD lane count). This is enforced at file loading time and at every call for beam search.

## Building

```bash
# Standard release build
cargo build --release

# With debug symbols (for profiling)
cargo build --profile release_symbols
```

## Benchmarking

The project includes a benchmark harness for profiling vector operations:

```bash
# Generate flamegraph
cargo flamegraph --profile release_symbols --bin catapult
```

## Project Structure
- `slides/` - some slides used for internal presentations at SaCS
- `src/numerics/` - SIMD vector operations (L2, dot product, normalization)
- `src/indexing/` - Graph structures and beam search algorithms
- `src/candidates/` - Priority queues and candidate tracking for search
- `src/statistics/` - Statistical utilities

## License

See LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

100% test coverage
* jacoco is back

* jacoco with feedback

* jacoco with feedback

* jacoco with feedback 3

* added gh exec in ci

* debuggin good old jacoco

* debuggin good old jacoco

* debuggin good old jacoco

* debuggin good old jacoco 12

* updated npy test for 16-sized vectors

* moved ci to hidden folder

* covergae script

* cobertura updates dismissed

* Update aligned_block.rs

* Delete cobertura.xml

* adj load coverage 100%

* page coverage

* test coverage for fixed_set

* coverage in engine_starter

* 100% coverafe

* last debug_assert eliminated

* ci 2

* better jacoco detection

README.md, after:

# CatapultDB 


Yet another fast approximate nearest neighbor (ANN) search library in Rust.
It is based on a proximity graph data structure that enables fast nearest neighbor search at the cost of being approximate.
We improve by quite a long shot over the current SoTA by inserting edges that 'remember' past trajectories in the 
graph data structure. These special history-based edges are nicknamed 'catapults'.

Requires Rust nightly (uses `#![feature(portable_simd)]`). Any cargo/Rust install will be able to handle this repo, possibly by downloading some extras for your compiler.

## Building

```bash
# Standard release build
cargo build --release

# With debug symbols (for profiling)
cargo build --profile release_symbols
```

## Benchmarking

The project includes a benchmark harness for profiling vector operations:

```bash
# Generate flamegraph
cargo flamegraph --profile release_symbols --bin catapult
```

## Project Structure
- `slides/` - some slides used for internal presentations at SaCS
- `src/numerics/` - SIMD vector operations (L2, dot product, normalization)
- `src/indexing/` - Graph structures and beam search algorithms
- `src/candidates/` - Priority queues and candidate tracking for search
- `src/statistics/` - Statistical utilities

## License

See LICENSE file for details.
